feat(releases): Team insights docs after issue / health stats split (#4712)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/stats/index.mdx

title: Stats
sidebar_order: 20
redirect_from:
  - /product/accounts/quotas/org-stats/
description: "Learn about projects and teams across your organization."
---

The **Stats** page has three tabs: [Usage](#usage-stats), [Issues](#issue-stats), and [Health](#health-stats).

> The "Usage" tab shows your organization’s event usage, while also providing a high-level overview of how different projects are using Sentry. The Issues tab shows a breakdown of the issues assigned to your team and how they triaged them, whilst the Health tab provides an overview of your team’s project health.

Reviewer: style fix

```suggestion
The "Usage" tab shows your organization’s event usage, while also providing a high-level overview of how different projects are using Sentry. The "Issues" tab shows a breakdown of the issues assigned to your team and how they triaged them, whilst the "Health" tab provides an overview of your team’s project health.
```

## Usage Stats

> The Usage Stats tab shows you the events Sentry has received across your entire organization along with a list of all projects and their consumption of errors, transactions, and attachments. Events fall into one of three categories: _Accepted_, _Filtered_, or _Dropped_. Filtered events are events that were blocked due to your [inbound data filter](/product/data-management-settings/filtering/) rules. Dropped events are ones the system dropped or discarded due to rate limits, quotas, spike protection, or because of invalid data.

Reviewer: This is a style thing to add consistency to the docs. UI elements below the page level get quotation marks.

```suggestion
The "Usage Stats" tab shows you the events Sentry has received across your entire organization along with a list of all projects and their consumption of errors, transactions, and attachments. Events fall into one of three categories: _Accepted_, _Filtered_, or _Dropped_. Filtered events are events that were blocked due to your [inbound data filter](/product/data-management-settings/filtering/) rules. Dropped events are ones the system dropped or discarded due to rate limits, quotas, spike protection, or because of invalid data.
```

</Note>

> In the Issue Stats tab you can review the activity regarding issues across all projects that are assigned to your team. This activity includes new issues, issues with regressions as well as how many issues were triaged, unresolved or resolved on your teams projects and how long it took for you team to resolve issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "Issue Stats" tab you can review the activity regarding issues across all projects that are assigned to your team. This activity includes new issues, issues with regressions as well as how many issues were triaged, unresolved or resolved on your teams projects and how long it took for you team to resolve issues.
```

> This tab provides an overview on how your team is managing issues that get created for your teams' projects using Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab provides an overview of how your team is managing issues that are generated for your teams' projects using Sentry.
```

#### Issues Triaged

The "Issues Triaged" chart and table show how many new and returning issues were reviewed by your team each week. Reviewing an issue includes marking it as reviewed, resolving it, assigning it to another team, or deleting it.

#### Age of Unresolved Issues

The "Age of Unresolved Issues" chart and table show how long ago the oldest seven unresolved issues were first created for the projects your team owns, sorted by their age.

#### Time to Resolution

The "Time to Resolution" chart shows the mean time it took for issues to be resolved by your team each week.

## Health Stats

<Note>

  This feature is available only if your organization is on a Business plan.

</Note>

<Note>

  This feature is available only if you're in the Early Adopter program. Features available to Early Adopters are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.
  If you’re interested in being an Early Adopter, you can turn your organization’s Early Adopter status on/off in General Settings. This will affect all users in your organization and can be turned back off just as easily.

</Note>

> In the Health Stats tab you can review information about the overall health of your projects. The health of your projects includes the stats regarding crash free sessions, user misery, alerts triggered and number of releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "Health Stats" tab you can review information about the overall health of your projects. The health of your projects includes the stats regarding crash free sessions, user misery, alerts triggered and number of releases.
```
